refactor(anta): unit tests DATA variables to be dictionaries (#1148)
aristanetworks/anta: docs/contribution.md

See https://docs.pytest.org/en/7.3.x/how-to/parametrize.html#basic-pytest-generate-tests-example

> The `DATA` structure is a dictionary where:
> 
> - each key is a tuple containing:
>   - a type object of AntaTest (i.e., a class derived from AntaTest e.g. VerifyUptime) and a string (Test name as displayed by Pytest)
> - each value is an instance of AntaUnitTest
> 
> And AntaUnitTest have the following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `DATA` structure is a dictionary where:

- Each key is a tuple of size 2 containing:
  - An AntaTest subclass imported in the test module as first element - e.g. VerifyUptime.
  - A string used as name displayed by pytest as second element.
- Each value is an instance of AntaUnitTest, which is a Python TypedDict.

And AntaUnitTest have the following keys:
```

Author: Updated

- `eos_data` (list[dict]): List of data mocking EOS returned data to be passed to the test.
- `inputs` (dict): Dictionary to instantiate the `test` inputs as defined in the class from `test`.
- `expected` (dict): Expected test result structure, a dictionary containing a key

>     `result` containing one of the allowed status (`Literal['success', 'failure', 'skipped']`) and optionally a key `messages` which is a list(str) and each message is expected to  be a substring of one of the actual messages in the TestResult object.

Reviewer: will need to change once you use status (and you can put a relative link to the status class generated in the doc)

Author: Updated the doc. But haven't found the class in doc.

from anta.tests.system import VerifyUptime

# Define test parameters
DATA: dict[tuple[type[AntaTest], str], AntaUnitTest] = {
  (VerifyUptime, "success"): {
    # Data returned by EOS on which the AntaTest is tested
    "eos_data": [{"upTime": 1186689.15, "loadAvg": [0.13, 0.12, 0.09], "users": 1, "currentTime": 1683186659.139859}],
    # Dictionary to instantiate VerifyUptime.Input
    "inputs": {"minimum": 666},
    # Expected test result

>     "expected": {"result": "success"},

Reviewer: once you use AntaTestStatus you will need to update here (leaving the comment so we don't forget)

Author: Updated
